OK so Welcome back let's go ahead and begin with this method here.
Let's see what it does.
How does it.
What's going on here in general before I do you can tie these three this variable up on these three
lines so you have it here you have it here and then you have it here as well so three times it is referred
to here.
So first of all the next tidy represents the ID of the next account that is created.
Now we would like to begin from 3.
That's why it's not 0 it's not 1 it's 3.
Why would we want to begin from 3.
Well because we have initialized one account and we have initialized another one.
Therefore we would like our IDs to begin with number three because the first two are already taken and
we would like these ideas to be absolutely unique anyway.
That's why it's three.
Anyway the method here create account or create A.S.C. short except three DML elements.
So it's title l description L and balance L.
Now you can name them any way you want but the convention for naming h DML elements of all sort of convention
is to put e l here at the end.
I like to put it in a way well maybe not so much.
But it doesn't really matter.
Just put something that you know that it's an element and then we're specifying what type of an element
we would like it to be.
And we are basically we were basically way too lazy to type in the types of the elements so we just
said any any and any seemed simpler that way for everybody.
Now what we're doing here within the method we're basically utilizing the push function in order to
add another account to the array so we're seeing this dot underline accounts.
So we're using the current instance of the accounts array and then we're using the push function in
order to add a new element to that array.
So we're basically calling the constructor again as before.
Nothing different so we're just calling the constructor and that constructor is then initializing says
title L that value.
This is referring to the.
This is pooling the.
This is pulling the value from the DML field.
So total that value is going to pull the value of whatever we typed into that field desk.
Eldard value again.
It's going to be all the value that we've actually typed into that field.
And same goes for the last one.
Now the only.
Now here you have something different it says this underline next ID.
So we would like to get the current instance off the side of the next tidy property and we would like
to store it along with this account so that this account has a unique ID immediately and when this is
done.
We're going to go ahead and call and we're going to go ahead and iterate the current instance of the
next ID property so that it increases by 1
once we are done with creating the new account.
We would like those fields HTL fields to become empty.
So we are resetting your values to nothing so empty empty zero.
So we're completely emptying them out and down below.
We have a final method here for this story.
It says remove account.
Obviously we're going to be using it in order to basically just remove that account that's literally
at.
So it will receive an index which will be a number and that index will refer to the opposite to the
debt and that index will be the index of an account.
So it won't.
It's not the next ID.
It's not at all.
It is the it's not even the ID.
It's just the position of the account in the array.
So it's it in the first place.
Is it in the second place.
Is it in the third place.
So if you found that account at the third place deleted if you pass.
Number three here that's what this fund.
That's what this method is going to do.
So it's this dot underline accounts dot splice splice is the actual function that performs the deletion
and the way it works it receives the first parameter.
The first parameter is the index from where it will begin the deletion process and the second parameter
basically states.
How many how many entries do you want to be to delete from beginning with this one.
So you pass that number if you give a number here and let's say two and then you can give another number
here let's say five.
It's going to delete everything between two and five starting which two.
It's only one here.
Why is it one because we would like to lead only one element so delete the number that has been to lead
the position that has been given to you and go no further.
So only one place only one position you're going to delete only one position.
Anyway that that's be it for app component not yes.
We're going to go ahead and move up ahead and head over to the DML file in the follow up tutorial and
see what we actually are going to do there and see how these changes are being reflected on the Web
site itself.
Keep in mind that we still didn't plug in Bootstrap but we didn't utilize bootstrap here at all.
So the site will be pretty ugly I can tell you that much.
But don't worry about it.
Surely in a certain amount of tutorials in the far fetched future we're going to get to the bootstrap
and we're going to make the site look a lot better so it will be a lot more pleasing for the eyes but
for the moment you will just have fields until we master that and then it's fairly easy to plug in Bootstrap
space.
A couple of lines of code and that's it.
OK.
So anyway I'm going to go ahead and get you farewell here and see you in the fall.